Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: hit the mute button.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though all right we got it so i woke you up. Haha.
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah, totally. I was crushed out like I had nothing going on today.
Cynthia We: Sorry, I feel like a loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy. Now it was there anything unique about last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Cynthia We: Just adjust well is
Cynthia We: This pandemic, I'm typically
Cynthia We: Living every day, till 1130
Cynthia We: And I guess, yesterday I got up it I got up at 930 but that was like an occasion to get up a little earlier.
Cynthia We: I my schedule is really whacked it's like switch and it's and I don't like it.
Cynthia We: I need it to go back to normal like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: Because I don't feel good when I get up late and I go to bed late
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I started. Uh, nope. Nope. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to take a second while we're here together and you want to take this time while it's fresh and put an alarm in the net for our next appointment, do you want to do that or would you mind if
Cynthia We: I have an alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I did have one that goes off every day, every day for you and
Cynthia We: It seems that I
Cynthia We: Didn't have my phone charging and
Cynthia We: Turn it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alarms yeah
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you speaking of alarms. Were you able to experiment with that tomato timer. I
Cynthia We: Know, I was not
Cynthia We: I promptly forgot right about it.
Cynthia We: I'm going to download right now so I can remember.
Cynthia We: I'll never remember
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I was kind of seeing if doing things in the moment might might be useful.
To me.
Cynthia We: We got a swimming pool.
Cynthia We: You did, yeah. Blow up one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh fun
Cynthia We: It has a. It has a filter, though, and it needs chlorine. So it's kind of a big blow up one
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Oh, focus keeper. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I've noticed the people that use this. I'll let you focus on that. I'm going to
Cynthia We: Read um
Cynthia We: Is it the tomato, tomato timer.
Cynthia We: Timer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not this icon is this guy.
Cynthia We: Okay. Yes, I saw that, yes, here it is. Okay.
Cynthia We: Make it that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, pick something else. I mean, no I
Cynthia We: Want to try it.
I want to try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what I noticed is the the commitment to stick with the timeframe. So if it's 20 minutes where I'm focused working hard, then it's 10 minutes of play time where I walk around and I carry my phone obviously won't work. If not, next year, hip.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, sticking in your jeans or you got those yoga pants at the pockets or something. Are you sticking them in there and then
Gwenevere Abriel: The commitment, though, is been kind of cute to watch people using this because it's like, no, no, I can't. I can't talk right now I'm on. I'm on my 20 minutes I'll be free and I'll be free and like
Gwenevere Abriel: See right there will be done in a little bit just to it. The fact like there's a real sort of loyalty
Gwenevere Abriel: I already. I know if I'll be able to chat, but in in four minutes.
Cynthia We: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's kind of cute.
Cynthia We: GUY JUST SAID YOU'RE pinging around out here like you do inside
Cynthia We: Because I'm in the yard. He was, he was
Cynthia We: He took one of my gardening areas with the pool.
Cynthia We: And that'll make it easier for me, I guess, but but i was pinging from one thing to another, just like I always do.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: So this will help. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So you but but the key is give yourself a break on the research part to see how long is a productive amount of time and when your attention drifts. So in other words, it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's 20 maybe it's 24 minutes you're gonna have to try to figure out what your focus time is
Cynthia We: I think it probably depends on what I'm doing. Doesn't or does it
Gwenevere Abriel: See that's the thing I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously you can morph this into whatever you want to. But if you can compare yourself so much with making each task ones for gardening ones are ones for running
Cynthia We: Or doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with the I keep it simple, stupid, I go with licious dumb it down to its fundamental elements. And then I might actually do a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, that's how that's how I kind of see it. Um, but what I'm getting at is figuring out the duration. So if it turns out
Gwenevere Abriel: you're noticing. Let's say you said it for 20 MINUTES OF THE FOCUS time and then it's 10 minutes of walk around and play time then day, it goes off again. Oh, I gotta go back to my project, what was my project, but then you go back to that project. You remember you go back to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be that it's too short might be, it's too long. And that's where the discovery is it's like pick one and let that be the starting point and then you say, Oh my gosh, this is frustrating. I literally need 10 more minutes then yours needs to be 30 minutes
Cynthia We: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you have different one you have options. There's different
Gwenevere Abriel: Sessions. So you have the number of sessions. So you have for so watch you have gardening, you have a house. I'm making stuff up cleaning. We have shopping and we have writing this one might be longer than cleaning or you know what I mean.
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then their color. Color coded so that you can you already have them set she gets too complicated. Nobody's gonna do it.
Cynthia We: Right.
Cynthia We: Give us an awesome I am thinking that this, um, this will help to get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yeah, I think, help us all so handy.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: He is graduating today. However, we had a very, very difficult week of trying to get him to do his work.
Cynthia We: Oh, and, um,
Cynthia We: And then the therapist called me on Monday.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and said, I've never seen him like this.
Cynthia We: He's, he's so disconnected. He's so detached. I'm so depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, baby.
Cynthia We: And he's like, how do you. He's like, I really feel like nice to see some friends. First of all, one friend. He's like, pick one friend. That's one family that's quarantine that you feel safe of him playing with
Cynthia We: And I'm so we're doing that he's gonna go bike riding with his friend Sam tomorrow. Okay. Um, but he also said you guys need. He's like, I'll just tell you, you know, he's like you know I'm divorced and I'm like, yeah.
Cynthia We: I'm. He said, My I found out that my second grader hadn't done 18 assignments and I flip the lid and and I was like, so, um, you know, oh my god, what's going on how we can get this done. And I called my axe and she said, Just could just relax. It doesn't matter.
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: I had said that to Scott earlier this week. I'm like, perhaps, that this is such a strange time, maybe, maybe it's so different and so weird and so on.
Cynthia We: Maybe what we do as parents right now doesn't count for the future, like maybe we're not if we if we say nothing to him. We're not raising someone that will never do that work like
Cynthia We: I don't really know, but I'm like, I can't stand the stress and the yelling and and the fights between the two of them.
Cynthia We: And I'm taken like this week. I got to be the good guy because he was so mad with with Scott, but then I wasn't successful. He didn't do, he did half of his cyber city.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're the administrators at the school aren't saying they're not making an exceptional way of addressing grades.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the exceptional environment. It's not matching them, you're not hearing. Hey, don't worry about it there. There's no end date for this this this assignment you guys can turn them in whenever you're not hearing an exception going on from the school.
I'm
Cynthia We: Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: That surprises me so that's that's a school that's not doing the exception, which I know our schools are math.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think they told the kids the exception.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you just don't have to know what they are.
Cynthia We: I just think and and i think that they told the kids. There's no way you're going to fail. During this time,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I
Cynthia We: Have the parents like we
Cynthia We: Were like but you should do your work, but you're supposed to do your work. You didn't have very much work to do. This is all they asked you to do.
Cynthia We: So because the more you push and that's what Greg said he's like the more you push the more he's not going to do it like he's just like I was when I was his age like don't forced me. Don't try and control me
Cynthia We: I don't handle it. But Scott thinks that we've failed now because we didn't he didn't get the personal assessment done the thing is he lied to me about doing it. He said he was doing it. Um, instead he watched YouTube all day.
Cynthia We: He did get a stop motion done. It was amazing.
Cynthia We: You know, the things he did do, he did an amazing job. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Like way over the top, way beyond what they wanted.
Cynthia We: It's just some
Cynthia We: seems to think that this means
Cynthia We: That we're raising somebody who's gonna be lazy, who's not going to be able to get a job because they don't know how to work. And, uh,
Cynthia We: I just think that we can we can let it go. This time, like, I don't think that it means anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I heard what you said that he's interpreting that have five items five assignments. He did one bit.
Cynthia We: Too. Yeah.
Cynthia We: He did to
Gwenevere Abriel: To get them well and they were ones. He was interested in. And that means he's lazy and he will mount to nothing.
Cynthia We: That's pretty extreme, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's extreme
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your own behavior and how you're sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, are you is productive.
Cynthia We: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: And imagine the helplessness of a child.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hearing permission that it's okay that it really doesn't matter about around the thing didn't want to do to begin with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's just that's too tempting.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. He's gonna win this argument because he's going to be like I told you didn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, and then the damage that's happening in your guys's relationship. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, Cindy. I'm sorry you're going through this
Cynthia We: I finally just told Scott, he had to talk to Greg about it because I didn't want to argue with him anymore.
Cynthia We: I think he, I think you I'm the one that spoke with Greg. I was the one that was like
Cynthia We: Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're right. You're totally right my instincts were right, I'm gonna, we're gonna just lay off.
Cynthia We: It's not
Cynthia We: It's not, it doesn't mean anything. It's a pandemic, it's never happened before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Cynthia We: Mean, we're bad mom, dad,
Cynthia We: Does it mean he's a bad kid.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: But not only that, I mean, I thought I heard you say that Scott acknowledge that or was that the therapist that said, Hey, I was like that too. If you push really hard when I was in our lesson. I would just say, Screw you. That was you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right.
Cynthia We: Not necessarily about school work because that was kind of the law was laid down and I was expected. I, I didn't really mess around. I was I'm mighty I needed my teachers to like me so
Cynthia We: I did all my work.
Cynthia We: By about other things. If my dad would push. I would push back twice as hard
Right.
Cynthia We: And I resented trying to be I resented being controlled
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like that feeling.
Cynthia We: I'm so, so like
Cynthia We: It's just the dynamics of the relationships are what's really weird because
Cynthia We: He's always Scott has always been able to talk to you again about his schoolwork, and get it done. But this times, um, you know, it's so volatile that chickens. Like, I'll let my my check up on me.
Cynthia We: Like he's totally playing two of us against each other. And, um, and we buy right into it. And so then I check in and him and he
Cynthia We: He seemed to be doing his work, but now that I find out he wasn't Scott, that's all men, and he's he's he's, he doesn't know where to send his anger, you know, he's mad. He's mad that I failed to get together to do this one personal assignment.
Cynthia We: I don't
Cynthia We: This is interesting. So I know that it's so dysfunctional, but I don't really know to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So basic recipes, whether you're finessed with the unit unique values and beliefs of a family are that at the mother and father are unified front, so you're aware of the splitting. And so that's where taking us his power is splitting. You can you to argue and
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't you know
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your shoe.
Cynthia We: On me
Cynthia We: Is
Cynthia We: Do you see you can you see I
Gwenevere Abriel: cute though. I think it's cute so
Cynthia We: This is Sylvester
Cynthia We: So lover such a clever name.
Cynthia We: We let our we let to name him.
Cynthia We: When he was a baby when he was like four
Cynthia We: So, yeah.
Cynthia We: My mom and dad. I remember me trying to split them and they would not
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there.
Cynthia We: They were like,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so the the the party line is you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me talk with mom. First, I'll get back to you. Let me talk with dad for a second. Back to you, that's, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Dad was kicked out of the conversation, though, because of his, his temper and his
Cynthia We: scariness when he's mad.
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: has kicked out.
Cynthia We: What we can what refused to even to refuse to even deal with him because he kept kept getting so explosive
Cynthia We: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not up for a child to decide that. Remember the thing
Gwenevere Abriel: I just said.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: You're right, you're right, except that
Cynthia We: Lola was crying. I was I was furious. So
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Scott was I maybe I should just step back. Maybe I shouldn't deal with this since I can't control myself.
Cynthia We: Maybe you should be and look
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Cynthia We: A piece of the family.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he's totally manipulated it and and pushed Scott button Scott's buttons until
Cynthia We: It's so obvious when you look back at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right so Scott's here. It's like you to talk to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the plan. Where's the compromise. What is it, then, that is the one thing
Cynthia We: That you say yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You show them. One thing you both say the same thing. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I rendered I'm rendered useless because i can't i can't manage my own time.
Cynthia We: You know, Andy's being dramatic.
Cynthia We: Because he doesn't
Cynthia We: Think dramatic because he's immature sometimes about things like this.
Cynthia We: As we all are.
Cynthia We: One more word. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means. It means, but that's what what were the, the husband, wife come together and you talk about. So what does it mean to you. Scott that Tegan underperforms not what you project will happen to Teague and Scott. What does it mean to you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. And then what does it mean to you, you do it in here with me because you have a me. And so you say, oh, it means if I fail. I'm not a good mom you go there right but when he doesn't have a me. That's what we are to each other is where each other so helpers, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Each other get deeper
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean to you, Scott, that he underperforms how because I see the intensity it you're motivated by something right um
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that affect the image of you or you know the same things that you and I do
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do the same thing.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it must be the
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, he would answer.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he
Cynthia We: Might know
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. Am I being naive that the the marriage right now is so rocky that these kind of conversations are really just unreasonable, or am I
Cynthia We: Oh, no, no, no. I feel like I'm in fact we have been able to talk
Cynthia We: Like normal human beings, a lot this week.
Cynthia We: Please like we've had many conversations where I actually felt like he was my friend again.
Cynthia We: Oh my god.
Cynthia We: That's a great because these are tired. These are circumstances where I would feel like the opposite would be true, but
Cynthia We: We do come back together. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's amazing. That's really beautiful. Can you told him how that feels. And maybe this another time to do that.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think this is the time to do that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you can leave with a compliment.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a tenderness, Cindy, if you want to, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I do this with one
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to sit and she brings this stuff up, like, oh, I don't want to look at it. No, no, no, I don't want to feel like a bad mom awful but then I see it's not the whole truth that's just
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm telling myself. But that's not true. There's so much evidence to the contrary, so much other evidence and sometimes it's helpful to have someone sort of shed a light on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could do that same right. Would you share the AI stuff to give say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this making you think about
Cynthia We: Well I, I will. I wish Scott had somebody to talk to. Because I think
Cynthia We: Being inside your own head, and in my case to like when you don't have somebody to talk to being inside your own head is like
Cynthia We: The same old echo chamber similar ship going around. There's no new information coming in.
Cynthia We: And and then you feel a shit about yourself all the time. It's a vicious cycle vicious circle. This is
Cynthia We: Something I
Cynthia We: Can remember
Cynthia We: All circle. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: around around around same track so
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more.
Cynthia We: I had a terrible phone with my sister. This week, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy.
Um,
Cynthia We: She
Cynthia We: She believes that the virus is a conspiracy by the left
Cynthia We: Okay to
Cynthia We: To get the people in the red states comfortable accepting money from the government so that the blue states could take over with their socialist agenda.
Cynthia We: And I said, Well, what about the rest of the world because that sells it makes sense that they would be in on it with the blue states and she just railroads just went over that she's been reading that far right.
Cynthia We: Conspiracy shit.
Cynthia We: Like she totally has bought into it and I'm you know i'm i'm super duper liberal and
Cynthia We: I'm the eyeball and my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Cynthia We: But my parents are very respectful of that. Like they just kind of like, that's fine. Cindy sending us the article, you know, and we're going to read it and we're just going to
Cynthia We: That same thing about my sister start sending all this stuff that's fake total, complete faintness and um
Cynthia We: And discredited new sources and and like this video that kept getting taken down off of YouTube because it was, um,
Cynthia We: It was a misinformation. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Um, so, so she said her last thing that she said was that she and her husband went out to Kroger's, mind you. She lives in Plymouth Michigan, which is really a fancy suburb of Detroit, you have to go actually in a minute.
Cynthia We: They took their gun.
Cynthia We: And they without a mask.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, gee.
Cynthia We: Because two weeks ago, she was talking about wearing masks and wearing gloves and
Cynthia We: And without taking your gun out to the grocery store for so
Cynthia We: I said, what
Gwenevere Abriel: In the world is knowing effing crazy
Cynthia We: It is
Cynthia We: And those people on the far right.
Cynthia We: I've read a lot about it because I'm like who are these people. Why, why are they trying to why what's going on. And I understand there's the liberal and the, the liberal pansies and the conservative me. I'm so tough and our president is leading
Cynthia We: The wrong side and
Gwenevere Abriel: you rephrase that leading what
Cynthia We: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: Leading I think that word is
Cynthia We: Leading yes he's pretending to leave.
Cynthia We: I think he is in charge of the wrong side he's he's misinformation throwing this information around and, and, um,
Cynthia We: So yeah, she's a huge Trump supporter and her husband's a Republican, but he's not a Trump supporter. But there he then he's carrying his guns like they're all losing their mind and um
Cynthia We: I just can't take the stupidity makes me so mad and the believing news sources that
Cynthia We: Aren't really new sources, their newsletters put out by some random guy who lives who doesn't have any credibility because he's never he's not a news person. I went to journalism school like I have great respect for new sources and
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We are we are at the top. And I've got to jump out this group I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: throwing it out there. If you do want to have a meeting sometime in the near future with family with Scott, let me know.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, I'll talk to you soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks for sure.
Cynthia We: Yes. All right. Thank you.